Reviewer 4 of CDC 16 submission 1873

Comments to the author
======================

This paper considers the design of robust model predictive
control of nonlinear systems under state estimation errors
and input and state constraints.
By using feedback linearization, the problem has been
transformed into robust MPC of a linear system with
restricted constraints.

However, I am not quite convinced by the claims made by the
authors. Apart from the conservatism of the set 
computation, I have the following major concern.

The authors have claimed robust feasibility (Theorem 1),
which is conceptually easy to understand, due to the
application of restricted constraints. In Theorem 2 (and
also the simulations), they have claimed stability and
convergence to an equilibrium point for the original
nonlinear system.

Note, however, the original problem that the author aimed
to consider is with state estimation errors. And if you
transform the problem into robust MPC for a noisy linear
system, basically, you can only achieve practical
input-to-state stability, i.e., robust stability of a small
set around an equilibrium point, rather than equilibrium
point for the feedback linearized linear system. In fact,
in robust MPC, the only case where you can achieve
convergence to an equilibrium point in presence of
disturbances/estimation errors is when the
disturbances/estimation error are asymptotically vanishing.
 
I do not see how the above issues have been tackled
properly in this submission.