Reviewer 7 of CDC14 submission 1769

Comments to the author
======================

The paper addresses the communication bottleneck
(computation delay) and the computational complexity
present in the implementation of robust MPC with state
estimation for system with fast dynamics and uncertainty.
The paper focuses on the reducing computational complexity
in the state estimation  part. The state estimator which is
based on anytime estimation algorithm trades of computation
time and accuracy in its algorithm. In this work anytime
estimation functions as a block box system with estimation
accuracy and computation delay as its inputs. Each 
computation delay and estimation accuracy is consider as an
estimation mode and Robust MPC calculates optimal input 
for each estimation mode.  The estimation mode which gives
minimum cost iand its corresponding input is implemented.
The paper is well  written and the objective is clear
however, the use of anytime estimation to reduce
computational complexity is not convincing. An example
comparing this to a fixed sampling time and fixed
estimation could strengthen it.

-> A better example would be a quick fix, but we need a justifiable computation model first.
-> The switching shows that there is no fixed mode operation that is better than the switched one, but a comparision with 3-fixed mode runs could show the cost benefits of switching.